Lisa, hand me my gauge, would you?
Okay.
--Here. --Thank you.
Oh, are you making something new for us?
There's no telling when the Evangelist's people will show up again.
There. Lisa, that's all for today.
Okay. If you need anything else, just call.
Yeah.
She's put up with a ton of abuse from Haijima.
And after how Dr. Giovani hurt Lisa,
I'm going to make damn sure Haijima pays for what they did.
Yeah, let's kick their asses.
Shinra, before you enrolled at the training academy,
you were at a Haijima facility, right?
You could be a spy!
Oh, yeah, maybe so. I could be a spy, if it meant being able to assassinate you.
So you are a spy! Come at me!
You're coming at me, you idiot!
Did you think you could beat the Knight King's sword skills?!
You actually hit me!
You're the one who hit me first!
--You devil! Devil! Devil! --You stupid knight! Stupid knight!
Shinra, you were once at Haijima?
Hmm? Oh, yeah. When my abilities surfaced after the fire 12 years ago,
there was a period where I couldn't control them very well.
That was when...
...I underwent experiments at a Haijima pyrokinesis development institute.
I can still remember how chilling it felt there.
All the employees saw the children as nothing more than test subjects.
I didn't feel the slightest bit of warmth from them.
I didn't want for anything there, but it wasn't exactly cozy, either.
Shinra-kun... Inspector Licht?!
I have a somewhat important matter I need to discuss,
so I'd like to get everyone together.
A-All right.
Okay.
"Episode 14: The Ashen Reaper"
So, what's this important matter you need to discuss?
This is extremely hard for me to say,
and I apologize in advance, but I, Viktor Licht...
...am a Haijima spy, embedded here at the 8th.
H-Huh? You seem underwhelmed.
Mm-hmm, we knew.
So why speak up now? You were never actually posted to the 8th.
You've always been with Haijima, right?
Yes I have.
Huh? Does that mean that Licht-san isn't one of us?
It's okay. As you were, Sister. Mm-hmm.
Then that will speed this along.
My primary objective in coming to the 8th
was to observe Shinra-kun and his Adolla Burst.
Haijima has been looking for the next bearer of an Adolla Burst,
just like the Evangelist,
and for that reason, I was sent here to spy on Shinra-kun.
But Shinra was already at Haijima, right?
It seems like they let Shinra's Adolla Burst get away from them pretty easily.
Yes, and that is what I would like to speak about.
Shinra-kun, after your house burned down,
you were taken in by a Haijima pyrokinesis development institute, yes?
Yes, from when I was 5 until I was 12.
At age 13, I enrolled at the Fire Force Training Academy.
As it happens, they were researching Adolla Bursts at that facility.
Nonetheless, the Haijima researchers there at the time
could not identify your flame as being an Adolla Burst.
Heh, lightweight.
What's so funny? You're the last person to laugh.
This is where the issue arises.
Once they discovered the fact that they passed over Shinra-kun,
the facility has gotten a lot more radical with their experiments,
enough so that people are getting hurt.
So much so that some of the kids will never recover.
And the thing that triggered all this was letting Shinra-kun get away.
Oh, man... Because of me?
And now, they've finally ordered me to bring Shinra-kun back.
There's no way we can sell out one of our crewmen.
It's dangerous, to be sure. Haijima is clearly out for Shinra-kun's Adolla Burst.
However, I think of this as being a chance to investigate Haijima.
None of Haijima's people know the nitty-gritty
of the pyrokinesis development facility, including me.
If we agree to go in,
we may be able to find a connection between the facility and the Evangelist.
You're a Haijima spy, aren't you?! I'm not about to trust you so quickly!
Hold on, Vulcan.
If what Inspector Licht says is true,
then I can't just leave the children there to suffer.
Captain, I'm okay with this.
What kind of hero am I if I can't keep children safe?
Shinra, don't rush into any decisions.
It's going to take three years before the truth about Amaterasu goes public.
In the meantime, the Evangelist's plans just keep moving forward.
There's no time for playing it slow and easy.
I mean, Sho is still... Inspector Licht,
the most important question still remains.
Whose side are you on, the 8th's, or Haijima's?
I'm on both sides.
I'm with Haijima because I can research the truth.
But right now, I'm partial to the 8th.
The 8th seems like it's closer to the truth.
It doesn't seem like you're really part of either one.
Oh, that's a sharp observation.
Shinra, I can't let you go to Haijima by yourself. It's too dangerous.
All 8th personnel will be conducting an investigation of Haijima.
--Yes, sir! --Yes, sir!
Commence "Operation Investigate Haijima Industries"!
--Roger! --Roger!
Nataku-kun, we're starting a combat test.
Kurono-kun, are you ready?
Nataku, care to go a round with your Uncle Reaper?
S-Sure.
This will be the third combat test, huh?
He may be an unexpected surprise from that earlier incident,
but don't break him, if you please.
Okay, you may begin.
Okay, you have another experiment with your Uncle Reaper today.
U-Uncle Reaper... ...when will I be able to go home?
You recognize this grim reaper symbol, right?
You're not going home until you're dead.
This is your third test, too. It's about time I started fighting like I mean it.
Nataku, you'll have to knuckle down, too, or you could go home in a coffin.
I want you to show me your true power.
Click!
Fire! I know you can do it! You can do it!
After all, you've been chosen by the Insects!
Show them how hot-blooded you are!
Show them how passionate you are!
Fire!!
I'm getting fired up!
That's it! Fire! Click!
"Click"
Fire!!
That's the spirit, that's the spirit! That's good! That's hot! Keep at it!
Breathe in, just like that! Shout it out from deep inside! Waah!
Let it out, let it out even more! I know you can do it! Let yourself roar!
"Raaaah"
Flame output rising. Still unable to detect an Adolla Burst.
His mental state is growing unstable.
From the trauma of that incident. What do we do, stop?
Shinra Kusakabe is said to have sparked his Adolla Burst
through actual combat and combat training.
We continue. And if he breaks, that's that.
It would be a shame, though.
Come on, we're not done yet.
This is Uncle Reaper's job, too.
I need you to go along with this, or I can't work.
It's hard enough just to watch. I'm surprised he can do this.
I understand that to him, this is his true calling.
He's got the skills it would take to fight in an actual combat unit,
but apparently, he remains here by choice.
Just so he can pick on children.
His right arm is already carbonized from tephrosis,
but he still seeks to destroy even more.
He's completely around the bend, isn't he?
But his abilities are the real deal.
Apparently, he rivals even the captain of the 7th.
Kurono-kun, that's good. That was plenty.
Good work in there, Kurono-kun.
Wow, I'm impressed. You don't feel weird about beating up kids?
I love bullying the weak.
The weaker they are, the less I have to worry about myself getting hurt.
So that's why you're so willing to go along with what we adults say.
You are really getting on my nerves now.
Don't you know that when I say "weak," that includes you?
I am ridiculously powerful against the weak.
Sorry about that! He didn't know!
Oh, sorry.
I heard that Shinra Kusakabe would be coming here.
Naturally, he's going to be facing me, right?
He's weak, after all.
Shinra-kun, thanks for coming.
Think nothing of it. When you spoke about the facility,
it reminded me of someone who was there.
A guy who was at the facility being treated for tephrosis.
I remember how depraved he was, even now.
--What the...? Hey, what are you doing?! --Hey, get away from there!
--Behave yourself! --Come on, stop squirming!
--It's no fair that only you guys are allowed. --Behave yourself! --Come on, stop squirming!
--It's no fair that only you guys are allowed. --Are you listening to me?! --Let's go!
--Let me play with the kids, too. --Are you listening to me?! --Let's go!
That was probably Kurono. I've heard stories about him.
"Tephrosis" "Psycho" "Relishes the weak" "Reaper" "Bully" "Exotic black smoke" "Maddest"
Captain Shinmon of the 7th is well-known as being the "Mightiest,"
but this man Kurono is said to be the "Maddest" pyrokinetic.
Here we are. Does it bring back any memories?
Huh? Was this the place?
Oh, they do change the locations of their labs periodically
to keep their information hidden.
Which just goes to show how disgraceful what they're doing is.
Let's go.
Viktor Licht, chief researcher, applied pyrokinesiology lab.
Right, we're expecting you.
Have you noticed?
Well, yeah. Security is keeping a close eye on us.
As if to say, "You're definitely not getting out of here."
Though I have to admit, I'm excited to get to observe such a shady facility.
Are you sure you should be saying that in front of the security guard?
I'm going to get killed here anyway, so...
I won't let them kill you. I promise, I'll protect you.
Inspector Licht, even if you are a Haijima spy,
you've still saved me time and again.
You're someone we definitely need at the 8th.
Wow, I'm pleased to hear it. I can die happy now.
No you can't.
Did you hear what he just said about me, Joker?
I may just leave you for the 8th.
I can't let Joker be the only one out there risking his neck.
I wrote that ridiculous report to rankle the top brass
so I could get some dirt on Haijima.
I'm going to exploit the good will of the 8th and Shinra-kun to that end
if it means getting my hands on the truth.
We've been expecting you. Welcome to the pyrokinesis development lab.
The kids will be thrilled to see you.
How the hell can you say that, when you torture kids the way you do?
Yes, of course. You want to see the children right away, don't you?
Well, come on inside.
--How cute! --Amazing!
--Hey, I want to try! --Me, too!
This is how we take care of children
who still do not know how to control their abilities.
I requested that I be allowed to see the boy you took in
after the Rekka Hoshimiya incident,
but was told that I was not authorized.
I'd like to see how he is. Is that possible?
Oh, you must mean Nataku-kun.
He is a special case, so he is not at this facility.
Help me!
Somebody!
An Adolla Link!
I want to go home!
Are you...?
Shinra-kun?
Yes, an Adolla Link.
Like hell he isn't here. This is where that boy is.
They really are hiding something.
Let's play along with them for a bit and see what we can uncover.
Crewman Kusakabe, thanks for your help with our Adolla Burst observations.
This will be a simulated battle test, if you'd be so kind.
This cold, empty room...
...makes me feel like I'm having chills right down to my soul.
When I think of how they're treating me like a lab rat,
my humanity just melts away.
Until nothing but my weird tic remains.
I look forward to working with you today.
Let's make this a fun experiment.
I will never forget that look-- like he's staring down his prey.
He really is here.
I remember you. I used to catch glimpses of you around here.
I wish I could have played with you back then.
Now you've become a fine man.
I wanted to devour you when you were still spindly and pasty.
Why didn't they let me have at you when you were a child?
You're about the same height as me now, aren't you?
Although, you still seem plenty weak.
You have a fully grown-up strength now. Why can't boys just stay weak?
Can I get started?
Yeah. Kusakabe-kun, you, too.
I'm going to kick that bastard's ass.
His tephrosis is severe. Should he really be spreading that much black smoke?
Right Hand Eclipse!
"Right Hand Eclipse"
What just happened? The fist he swung didn't even hit me.
It wasn't that much of a right, either. Did anything touch me?
If I had to say... ...it was the black smoke.
Whatever the case, I can't deal with it until I know what's causing it.
I can't just keep taking those. But I do have my speed. I'll use my Rapid!
He reacted to that?!
No, let me go again!
How can he react to Shinra-kun's Rapid if this is the first time he's seeing it?
You're abusing the children here, aren't you?
There's no way I'll let you do that!
Shinra-kun, show us more of that Adolla Burst!
Shut up! I will! When I kick all of your asses on the other side of that glass!
Th-That's terrifying.
What the hell is that black smoke?!
I'm not trying to hide it. And even once I tell you,
there's still no way you can deal with it.
This black smoke links with my senses,
allowing me to sense minute fluctuations.
That's how I reacted to your speed attacks.
Also, knocking children around is fun. They get good air.
Would you like to give it a try?
S-Screw you!
I'll hit him with so many chained attacks that he can't react!
His firepower is increasing with every spin.
Good! Keep it up! Keep it up!
His smoke is solidifying!
Eclipse Veil!
"Eclipse Veil"
He gathered the smoke together to make weapons?
You still have some fight left, right?
Though it would be perfect if you broke down after that much.
Kurono-kun, that's all for today! We've collected plenty of data!
--Hold on, what is he doing? --120... 130... Room temperature is rising.
But then, the more I weaken you, the more I get into this.
We'll keep going.
I'm going to enjoy this.
"To be continued"
"Fire Force, Season 2"
"Next time"
The researchers rush into the chaotic test site.
Something about Nataku-san has changed?
A strange lady stands in the way of the 8th,
and on top of all that, the White-Clad show up!
What's going to happen now?
Fire...!
"Episode 15: A Three-Way Melee"
Next time on Fire Force, Season 2, episode 15, "A Three-Way Melee."
Return to the great flame of fire. Látom.
>>>>oakislandtk<<<<< www.opensubtitles.org